README.md, before:

# ISRT Insurgency Sandstorm RCON TOOL v0.6 released
This is a python (3.8.6) - and PyQt5/SQLite3-based RCON Tool for mapchanging and other basic RCON functionalities that help administering and controlling Insurgency Sandstorm Servers. The first version will be based on spezifanta's SourceWatch and ttk1's Py-Rcon - in the future this will be replaced by similar integrated python-based modules to get rid of third party modules I don't have any control over. The first stage will be the minimum viable product (MVP) so you can see and try-out its basic functionality and have it working correctly, without any basic installation routine. I'll just pre-compile it for Windows 10 and Python 3.x directly while it's in development. In the future I'll add more and more functionality described in the features list and also add a proper installation/deinstallation routine:

### For Installation How-to, common problems, issue reporting, commands and usage and test scenario descriptions visit the Wiki pages via the link below: 
https://github.com/sargolin/ISRT-Insurgency-Sandstorm-RCON-Query-Tool/wiki

<center><img src="http://src.isrt.info/isrt_v0.6.JPG"></center>

#### Status: In development phase of full release - open for all ideas

## 1. Release Notes
- Implemented a couple of minor bug fixes and error handling routines
- Transferred the software into a "tab-ed" layout for better performance and user experience

## 2. General Remarks, Feedback and stuff...
If you have any questions or feedback, please send me an e-mail to: isrt@edelmeier.org - In case of feature requests or find any error in the software, please open an issue or in any other case, just write to me on our Discord: https://discord.gg/zEdTrgg

If you think that my software is cool and helps you do your daily tasks, why not buy me a coffee ;-) You can do soby clicking the button below!

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/oedelmeier" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 40px !important;width: 150px !important;"></a>

Thanks and have a lovely day!

Oliver aka Madman/Sargolin

Commit message:

Inserted catch function for empty changemap

README.md, after:

# ISRT Insurgency Sandstorm RCON TOOL v0.6 released
This is a python (3.8.6) - and PyQt5/SQLite3-based RCON Tool for mapchanging and other basic RCON functionalities that help administering and controlling Insurgency Sandstorm Servers. The first version will be based on spezifanta's SourceWatch and ttk1's Py-Rcon - in the future this will be replaced by similar integrated python-based modules to get rid of third party modules I don't have any control over. The first stage will be the minimum viable product (MVP) so you can see and try-out its basic functionality and have it working correctly, without any basic installation routine. I'll just pre-compile it for Windows 10 and Python 3.x directly while it's in development. In the future I'll add more and more functionality described in the features list and also add a proper installation/deinstallation routine:

### For Installation How-to, common problems, issue reporting, commands and usage and test scenario descriptions visit the Wiki pages via the link below: 
https://github.com/sargolin/ISRT-Insurgency-Sandstorm-RCON-Query-Tool/wiki

<center><img src="http://src.isrt.info/isrt_v0.6.JPG"></center>

#### Status: In development phase of full release - open for all ideas

## 1. Release Notes
- Implemented a couple of minor bug fixes and error handling routines
- Transferred the software into a "tab-ed" layout for better performance and user experience
- Introduced a catch method for mapchanger in case no map is chosen
- Made the Query Port entry field a bite more precise
- Inserted the Wiki-Link into the RCON Help page

## 2. General Remarks, Feedback and stuff...
If you have any questions or feedback, please send me an e-mail to: isrt@edelmeier.org - In case of feature requests or find any error in the software, please open an issue or in any other case, just write to me on our Discord: https://discord.gg/zEdTrgg

If you think that my software is cool and helps you do your daily tasks, why not buy me a coffee ;-) You can do soby clicking the button below!

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/oedelmeier" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 40px !important;width: 150px !important;"></a>

Thanks and have a lovely day!

Oliver aka Madman/Sargolin
